# OnBoard Team Sync 2024-06-02

_In attendance: Al, Daisy, Kevin, Max_

Updates:

- Daisy
  - 13 grants from 6 different countries already in!
  - 1 card decline (need to talk to Caleb about that)
- Kevin
  - Request process hasn’t been a big lift
  - Call is happening on Sunday at 4pm est
- Max
  - Need to get Maggie’s video edited (she recorded her intro)
  - [Working on poster](https://www.figma.com/file/lAk3nZ2gI8uIA97j2gnPSR/OnBoard-posters?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&t=QnUguM33f8idwvd5-1) with Thomas to send out to CodeDay
  - Stats dashboard from last meeting is being worked on by Mason
  - Leo volunteered to talk about PCB design on haxidraw on the 20th of June– should line up

TODO:

- Ask Belle how she does listings on events.hackclub.com and how she RSVPs (Al)
- Ask Liv about video editor (Daisy)
- Ask Caleb about card decline (Daisy)
- Setup YouTube playlist (Max)
- Update team meetings to just be Friday (Max)
- Put out post for sticker competition for 2 weeks (Daisy)

Other:

- Need to get sticker designs in so we can ship stickers– we already have 98 requests!
- Al is going to review incoming vendor requests
  - Pair with Daisy for getting vendor ID
  - Pair with Caleb to get approved vendors added to the bank codebase